Princess
The weather is nice today
At noon, let's go for a walk
I'll buy you a Ferrari
OK.
Wow, everyone who sells breakfast buys a Ferrari
Hahahaha
The money is ready
I have to pay a management fee.
Why is there still a protection fee?
Yes!
My dad has already disbanded the snow orchid cats
There shouldn't be such a punk in Haicheng now, right?
Let you pay the management fee
Am I deaf?
Who did you hang out with when I paid for it?
I'm from the Black Wolf Gang and Brother Yellow Hair
Stop talking nonsense and don't pay
What if I don't pay?
Oh ho, do you want to die?
Bugs Wang
There are people out there who don't give us black people face
Damn it
You are
you
Mom
To honor the millennia-old Gemini
Wrong, do you think you don't have to kneel?
classmate
I know I was wrong, please spare my life.
Oppress Liangshan
At first